Fix incorrect documentation of playbook and roles linting (#4266)
ansible/ansible-lint: docs/usage.md

files managed by Ansible. When you call `ansible-lint` without arguments, it
uses internal heuristics to determine file types.

> **Roles** and **playbooks** that you want to lint are added as arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass the **roles** and **playbooks** that you want to lint as arguments to the `ansible-lint` command.
```
